Add validation for min # of worker machines in shoot (#296)
gardener/gardener-extension-provider-gcp: docs/usage-as-end-user.md

## WorkerConfig

> Multiple zones can be configured for a worker group of a GCP Shoot. The minimum number of machines in every worker group should be equal to the number of zones configured for that worker-group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple zones can be configured for a worker group of a GCP Shoot. The minimum number of machines in every worker group should be equal or grater than the number of zones configured for that worker-group.
```

> Multiple zones can be configured for a worker group of a GCP Shoot. The minimum number of machines in every worker group should be equal to the number of zones configured for that worker-group. 

Reviewer: Please trim the trailing white spaces.
```suggestion
Multiple zones can be configured for a worker group of a GCP Shoot. The minimum number of machines in every worker group should be equal to the number of zones configured for that worker-group.
```

> The predicate is - A worker group with N zones configured should have minimum N machines.

⚠️ This is important because, as of today, Cluster Autoscaler does not support scale-from-zero on GCP. 

The following YAML is a snippet of a `Shoot` resource:

```
workers:
  - name: worker-vezh0
    machine:
      type: n1-standard-2
      image:
        name: gardenlinux
        version: 318.8.0
    maximum: 6

>     minimum: 2 # the value should be equal to the number of zones

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    minimum: 2 # the value should be equal or greater than the number of zones
```

Reviewer: Why was this labeled as resolved when it is still not?

Reviewer: Ok, I messed the things, but this can be applied also to line 128
> Multiple zones can be configured for a worker group of a GCP Shoot. The minimum number of machines in every worker group should be equal to the number of zones configured for that worker-group.
